Add detail on map item grid (#4551)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/print_composer/composer_items/composer_map.rst

   Map Grids Dialog

> After you add a grid, press the :guilabel:`Modify Grid...` button to access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify a grid, just select it and press the :guilabel:`Modify Grid...` button
to open the :guilabel:`Map Grid Properties` panel and access its
```

Reviewer: Different GUI in 3.4 and 3.10... (for the backporting)

configuration options.

Grid Appearance
...............

In the :guilabel:`Map Grid Properties` panel, check |checkbox|

> :guilabel:`Grid enabled` to allow the display of the grid onto the map item

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 :guilabel:`Grid enabled` to show the grid on the map item.
```

> and settings its properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Other than the grid type, you can define: 

> * the :guilabel:`CRS` which could be different from the project CRS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the :guilabel:`CRS`, which could be different from the project CRS
```

* the :guilabel:`Interval` type to use for the grid references. Available

>   options are ``Map Unit``, ``Fit Segment Width``, ``Millimeter`` or ``Centimeter``:

Reviewer: "Fit Segment Width" is not an option in 3.4 (for backporting...)

>   options are ``Map Unit``, ``Fit Segment Width``, ``Millimeter`` or ``Centimeter``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  options are:
  * ``Map Unit``
  * ``Fit Segment Width`` |310|
  * ``Millimeter``
  * ``Centimeter``
```

Reviewer: If you agree,

>.. |310| replace:: ``NEW in 3.10``

needs to be added to the substitution definitions at the bottom of the file...

Author: We should refrain adding it everywhere. Places where this is relevant imho are new expression functions, new algorithms or algs parameters and new server parameters; they have some impacts.
If we have to add it to any GUI option, features would become a nightmare to describe

Reviewer: OK.

  * choosing ``Fit Segment Width`` will dynamically select the grid interval based 
    on the map extent to a "pretty" interval. When selected, the ``Minimum`` and 
    ``Maximum`` intervals can be set.
  * the other options allow you to set the distance between two consecutive grid

>     references in ``X`` and ``Y`` directions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    references in the ``X`` and ``Y`` directions.
```
